Kathy wants to split a collection of tickets into groups of 9. Kathy has 9 tickets. How many groups will be created?	 
Ruth wants to split a collection of blocks into groups of 8. Ruth has 48 blocks. How many groups will be created?	 
Todd has 12 eggs. If he shares them among 4 friends, how many eggs does each friend get?	 
There are 4 students in the class and 16 marbles. If the marbles are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 7 students and 7 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
Anne wants to split a collection of cards into groups of 5. Anne has 20 cards. How many groups will be created?	 
Rachel has 18 blocks stored in boxes. If the are 9 boxes, how many blocks must go in each box?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 48 students and 6 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 18 students and 3 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
Brandon has 24 Skittles. If he shares them among 8 friends, how many Skittles does each friend get?	 
Brian wants to split a collection of erasers into groups of 9. Brian has 45 erasers. How many groups will be created?	 
Donald wants to split a collection of eggs into groups of 8. Donald has 72 eggs. How many groups will be created?	 
Brandon has 24 Skittles. If he shares them among 8 friends, how many Skittles does each friend get?	 
Joshua is inviting 7 friends to a party. He has 49 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Rose is inviting 2 friends to a party. She has 8 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 30 students and 5 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
There are 7 students in the class and 42 peanuts. If the peanuts are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
Rachel has 18 blocks stored in boxes. If the are 9 boxes, how many blocks must go in each box?	 
There are 6 students in the class and 18 candies. If the candies are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
Rose is inviting 2 friends to a party. She has 8 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
Rose has 12 marbles stored in boxes. If the are 6 boxes, how many marbles must go in each box?	 
Rebecca has 6 eggs. If she shares them among 2 friends, how many eggs does each friend get?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 56 students and 8 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
Kathleen has 4 erasers. If she shares them among 2 friends, how many erasers does each friend get?	 
Jesse wants to split a collection of candies into groups of 7. Jesse has 56 candies. How many groups will be created?
Kathryn is inviting 4 friends to a party. She has 12 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Charles has 14 Skittles. If he shares them among 2 friends, how many Skittles does each friend get?	 
Ruth has 10 peanuts. If she shares them among 10 friends, how many peanuts does each friend get?	 
Matthew is inviting 7 friends to a party. He has 21 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Ralph wants to split a collection of pencils into groups of 5. Ralph has 40 pencils. How many groups will be created?
Henry wants to split a collection of pencils into groups of 9. Henry has 18 pencils. How many groups will be created?	 
Larry wants to split a collection of marbles into groups of 8. Larry has 40 marbles. How many groups will be created?	 
Rebecca has 6 eggs. If she shares them among 2 friends, how many eggs does each friend get?	 
There are 5 students in the class and 10 Skittles. If the Skittles are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 20 students and 10 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
Rebecca has 6 eggs. If she shares them among 2 friends, how many eggs does each friend get?	 
Douglas has 10 stickers stored in boxes. If the are 2 boxes, how many stickers must go in each box?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 56 students and 8 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
Jessica has 28 marbles stored in boxes. If the are 7 boxes, how many marbles must go in each box?	 
Gary wants to split a collection of marbles into groups of 3. Gary has 3 marbles. How many groups will be created?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 280 students and 70 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
Patricia wants to split a collection of eggs into groups of 20. Patricia has 120 eggs. How many groups will be created?	 
Timothy wants to split a collection of bottle caps into groups of 40. Timothy has 320 bottle caps. How many groups will be created?	 
There are 250 eggs in Amy's egg collection. If the eggs are organized into 50 groups, how big is each group	 
Sara is inviting 4 friends to a party. She has 32 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
Marilyn wants to split a collection of pencils into groups of 80. Marilyn has 400 pencils. How many groups will be created?	 
There are 42 eggs in Gerald's egg collection. If the eggs are organized into 6 groups, how big is each group?
Nathan has 56 apples stored in boxes. If the are 7 boxes, how many apples must go in each box?	 
There are 5 apples in Gary's apple collection. If the apples are organized into 5 groups, how big is each group?	 
Fred has 240 oranges. If he shares them among 30 friends, how many oranges does each friend get?
Todd is inviting 5 friends to a party. He has 45 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Beverly is inviting 4 friends to a party. She has 24 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Nicole wants to split a collection of apples into groups of 20. Nicole has 140 apples. How many groups will be created?	 
Mark has 40 bottle caps stored in boxes. If the are 20 boxes, how many bottle caps must go in each box?	 
Randy has 15 candies. If he shares them among 5 friends, how many candies does each friend get?
Kathleen wants to split a collection of erasers into groups of 90. Kathleen has 270 erasers. How many groups will be created?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 40 students and 10 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
Christopher has 90 bottle caps stored in boxes. If the are 30 boxes, how many bottle caps must go in each box?	 
Robert has 60 oranges. If he shares them among 20 friends, how many oranges does each friend get?	 
There are 9 students in the class and 81 bottle caps. If the bottle caps are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 416 students and 16 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 3864 students and 84 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 516 students and 86 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
Sarah has 5175 eggs stored in boxes. If the are 75 boxes, how many eggs must go in each box?	 
There are 26 students in the class and 1716 cards. If the cards are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
Timothy is inviting 95 friends to a party. He has 6935 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
There are 85 students in the class and 1785 eggs. If the eggs are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
Jerry has 918 peanuts stored in boxes. If the are 17 boxes, how many peanuts must go in each box?	 
There are 40 students in the class and 2160 erasers. If the erasers are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
Lawrence wants to split a collection of tickets into groups of 59. Lawrence has 354 tickets. How many groups will be created?
There are 744 crayons in Carol's crayon collection. If the crayons are organized into 93 groups, how big is each group?	 
Kimberly has 350 pencils stored in boxes. If the are 50 boxes, how many pencils must go in each box?	 
Julia has 268 candies. If she shares them among 67 friends, how many candies does each friend get?	 
There are 176 eggs in Robert's egg collection. If the eggs are organized into 22 groups, how big is each group?	 
Anna has 160 Skittles stored in boxes. If the are 40 boxes, how many Skittles must go in each box?
Laura has 450 tickets. If she shares them among 75 friends, how many tickets does each friend get?	 
Ashley has 469 crayons stored in boxes. If the are 67 boxes, how many crayons must go in each box?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 29 students and 29 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
There are 8148 oranges in Patrick's orange collection. If the oranges are organized into 84 groups, how big is each group?	 
Shirley wants to split a collection of bananas into groups of 28. Shirley has 1260 bananas. How many groups will be created?
Harry has 8148 eggs. If he shares them among 84 friends, how many eggs does each friend get?	 
There are 88 students in the class and 704 candies. If the candies are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
Alan is inviting 53 friends to a party. He has 1219 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Doris has 330 erasers. If she shares them among 55 friends, how many erasers does each friend get?	 
Sarah wants to split a collection of peanuts into groups of 56. Sarah has 336 peanuts. How many groups will be created?
There are 7524 cards in Jonathan's card collection. If the cards are organized into 99 groups, how big is each group?	 
Gary has 82 marbles stored in boxes. If the are 41 boxes, how many marbles must go in each box?	 
Ryan wants to split a collection of eggs into groups of 54. Ryan has 1350 eggs. How many groups will be created?	 
There are 20 students in the class and 20 stickers. If the stickers are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
David wants to split a collection of eggs into groups of 48. David has 3360 eggs. How many groups will be created?
There are 60 students in the class and 3540 peanuts. If the peanuts are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
The school is planning a field trip. There are 98 students and 49 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?	 
There are 75 students in the class and 525 eggs. If the eggs are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
Kenneth is inviting 50 friends to a party. He has 750 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Willie is inviting 59 friends to a party. He has 3009 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
Carolyn is inviting 11 friends to a party. She has 627 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?	 
Carol wants to split a collection of bananas into groups of 43. Carol has 1032 bananas. How many groups will be created?	 
Judy wants to split a collection of cards into groups of 94. Judy has 1410 cards. How many groups will be created?	 
There are 11 students in the class and 11 erasers. If the erasers are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?	 
Brandon has 174 erasers. If he shares them among 58 friends, how many erasers does each friend get?
Olivia took along four friends to a local farm to pick apples. They picked 40 apples in all. How many apples will each one get, if they decided to share them equally
Cheryl, a grade 1 teacher, distributes 36 pencils equally among nine children in her class. How many pencils will each child receive?
Samantha baked 16 chocolate cupcakes for her children. If the cupcakes are shared equally among four of her children, how many cupcakes will each child get?
Matt puts up a small square picket fence for his garden. If he uses a total of 40 wooden panels for all sides, how many panels did he use for each side of the picket fence?
Students of grade 4 were divided into seven teams for a game of dumb charades. If the class comprises 49 students, how many students can be found on each team?
Julia’s wardrobe has a total of 36 pieces of clothing. If they are arranged equally in three shelves, how many pieces of clothing will be found in each shelf?
A unisex gym has a total stock of 55 treadmills. If they are arranged in 5 rows, how many treadmills can be found in each row?
Kathleen uses 45 Popsicle sticks to make paper fans for 5 of her cousins. How many Popsicle sticks did she use to create one such paper fan?
Miranda baked a total of 78 scones for a tea party. If all the scones are arranged in 6 plates, how many scones does each plate hold?
Delbert invests a total of $54 in the shares of  XYZ company. If he has bought 6 shares from the company, how much is each share worth?
A glass pitcher contains 65 ounces of juice which is poured equally into six glasses. How many ounces of juice does each glass contain? How many ounces of juice remains in the pitcher?
Marion buys three similar vanity cases to gift her air-hostess colleagues. She hands over $100 to the cashier. How much did each vanity case cost, if she recieves $1 as change?
Sandra, a handler in a toy manufacturing unit needs to pack 71 identical toys in equal numbers in 3 cartons. How many toys can be packed in each carton? How many toys remain unpacked after she has sorted them equally?
Juliet has 38 candy bars which she splits equally among 3 of her cousins. How many candy bars does each of Juliet’s cousins get? How many candy bars does Juliet have left with her?
An egg tray can hold 6 eggs each. If 59 farm fresh eggs need to be packed, how many egg trays can hold 6 eggs each? How many eggs remain to be packed?
On Monday, Nancy and John visited a local supermarket. They picked a bag of gala apples and decided to share them equally. If Nancy was billed $18 in all for the purchase, how much money does John owe Nancy?
The fruit aisle in the supermarket contains forty-five pineapples arranged in 5 rows. How many pineapples can be found in each row?
On Friday evening, John buys 4 packs of chicken wings for a dinner party at home. How much does each pack cost, if he is billed for a total of $32?
A single door display refrigerator at the supermarket can hold 72 beverages in all. If the refrigerator has 6 racks in total, how many beverages will each rack contain?
There are 18 customers waiting to pay their bills at 3 cash counters. If they have been split up equally, how many customers can be found standing at each cash counter?
James, a busser works 8 hour shifts at restaurant in Illnois. What will his daily wage be, if he earns $448 a week?
A high-rise building is installed with 252 smoke alarms. If each floor is fitted with 3 smoke alarms, how many storeys tall is the high-rise building?    
Mr. Saunders along with his wife and two children checked in for a 6 day stay at Disney World Hotel. If he was charged $882 per person for the 6 day stay, what is the average cost per person per day? 
A farmer sold 995 pumpkins during a five day Halloween sale. Find the average number of pumpkins he sold in a day.
A bulldozer uses 144 gallons of diesel over a three day period to clear up a demolished building. How many gallons of diesel was used up on an average in one day?
Simon travelled a distance of 608 miles from Pittsburgh, PA to Birmingham, Alabama to visit his family on Easter. If the car used up19 gallons of fuel in all for the trip, calculate the average miles covered per gallon.
Kris bought a pack of 150 glossy photo papers. If the pack costs $30, how much does each photo paper cost?
A total of 108 students participated in the Spring ballet recital at Dawn High. If 12 students were part of each ballet performance, how many ballet recitals took place in all? 
Michelle baked 264 swiss rolls which were to be delivered for a party. If she plans to pack 24 in a box, how many boxes in all will she require to pack all the swiss rolls?
A warehouse receives 380 wooden boxes for storage. If 95 slots are available to store the boxes, how many wooden boxes will be stacked in each slot?
The Hogwarts library has 15,852 reference books arranged in 6 racks equally. How many books does each rack hold?
Jeremy withdrew $1,000 from his account. On his way home, he stopped at the local grocer’s shop and exchanged the $1,000 bill for $5 bills. How many five dollar bills did Jeremy receive from the grocer?
The E.T. parking facility at Universal Studios, Hollywood can accomodate up to 5,000 vehicles at a time. If the parking structure is 8 levels tall, how many vehicles can be parked on each level?
Gina is employed by the Wilsons as a full-time babysitter. If she earns a total of $2,296 a month, how much will she earn in a week?
A ski resort is spread over 5,288 acres. The resort is split equally into 4 key areas. How many acres will each key area comprise of?
18 children are going camping. Tents sleep 3 people. How many tents will the children need to take? 
​25 children are waiting to have a turn on the Flume ride at Alton Towers. Each carriage holds 5 people. How many carriages will the children fill?
​Steven starts reading a new book. The book has 90 pages and he reads 10 pages each night. How many nights does it take him to finish the book?
​​How many 7cm pieces of ribbon can you cut from a ribbon that is 35cm long?  ​
​There are 32 monkeys in a zoo. Each cage can house 4 monkeys. How many monkey cages does the zoo need?  ​
After a football training session there are 24 footballs to tidy away. Each bag holds 8 balls. How many bags will the footballers need?
Father Christmas tells his elves to pack up the Christmas presents into sacks of 8. They have 56 presents to pack. How many sacks will they need? 
There are 120 parents coming to watch the school play. 1 bench can seat 10 adults. How many benches will be needed? 
Cinema tickets to see Harry Potter cost £4 each. How many friends can you afford to take with you if you have £20? Remember that you need to buy yourself a ticket too!
Sarah is saving up to buy a computer game. The game costs £30. Sarah gets £2 pocket money each week. How many weeks will it be until she can afford to buy the game? 
A class of 20 children and 4 adults are going on a school trip and need to book a bus. The bus seats people in rows of 4. How many rows of seats will the bus need to have? 
There are 28 children in a class. Tables seat 6 children. How many tables are needed? Will they all be full? 
You have 24 cookies and want to share them equally with 6 people. How many cookies would each person get?
You are reading a book with 120 pages. If you want to read the same number of pages each night, how many would you have to read each night to finish in 10 days?
A cereal box holds 18 cups of cereal. Each serving is 2 cups. How many servings are in the whole box? 
A box of books weighs 42 pounds. Each book weighs 3 pounds. How many books are there in the box?
Sue’s mother made 75 cookies. She put the cookies in bags, with 3 cookies in each bag. How many bags could she fill up?
An airplane hangar is 300 feet long. How many planes can fit into it, end to end, if each plane is 40 feet long?
It takes 3 eggs to make a cake. How many cakes can you make with 37 eggs ?105 people are going to a movie. 6 eople can ride in each car. How many cars are needed to get all 105 people to the movie?
Ms. Baker has 17 cupcakes. She wants to share them equally among her 3 children so that no one gets more han anyone else. If she gives each child as many cupcakes as possible, how many cupcakes will be left over for s. Baker to eat?
89 cookies are being shared equally among 4 people. How manydoes each person get? 
A botanist picked fifty-one flowers. She wanted to put them into six bouquets with the same number of flowers in each. How many more should she pick so she doesn't have any extra?
A school had twenty-seven students sign up for the trivia teams. If they wanted to have four team, with the ame number of students on each team, how many more students would need to sign up?
The roller coaster at the state fair costs four tickets per ride. If you had thirty-five tickets, how many ickets would you have left if you rode it as many times as you could?
A movie store had seven movies they were putting on two shelves. If the owner wanted to make sure each shelf ad the same number of movies how many more movies would he need?  
A box of computer paper has twenty-seven sheets left in it. If each printer in a computer lab needed four heets how many printers would the box fill up?
A machine in a candy company creates fifteen pieces of candy a minute. If a small box of candy has four pieces in it how many full boxes does the machine make in a minute?
Maria is making bead necklaces. She wants to use twenty-four beads to make seven necklaces. If she wants each necklace to have the same number of beads, how many beads will she have left over?
A flash drive could hold five gigs of data. If you needed to store thirty-eight gigs, how many flash drive would you need?
A post office has ten pieces of junk mail they want to split evenly between three mail trucks. How many extra pieces of junk mail will they have if they give each truck the same amount?
A truck can hold two boxes. If you needed to move nine boxes across town, how many trips would you need to make?
Faye had saved up forty-eight quarters and decided to spend them on sodas. If it costs nine quarters for each soda from a soda machine, how many more quarters would she need to buy the final soda?
Luke's dad bought thirteen meters of string. If he wanted to cut the string into pieces with each piece being four meters long, how many full sized pieces could he make?
A librarian had to pack nineteen books into boxes. If each box can hold two books, how many boxes did she need?
Each house a carpenter builds needs three sinks. If he bought ten sinks, how many houses would that cover?
Edward wanted to give each of his nine friends an equal amount of candy. At the store he bought forty-eight pieces total to give to them. He many more pieces should he have bought so he didn't have any extra?
A post office has twenty-eight pieces of junk mail they want to split evenly between six mail trucks. How any extra pieces of junk mail will they have if they give each truck the same amount?
A truck can hold seven boxes. If you needed to move fifteen boxes across town, how many trips would you need to make?
A box can hold nine brownies. If a baker made eighty brownies, how many full boxes of brownies did he make?
A movie store had thirty-three movies they were putting on eight shelves. If the owner wanted to make sure ach shelf had the same number of movies how many more movies would he need?
Paul had forty-two baseball cards he's putting into a binder with five on each page. How many cards will he have on the page that isn't full?
Maki went bird watching and took 6 pictures of each bird she saw. If Maki took a total of 12 pictures, how many different birds did she see?
There are 63 students eating lunch in the cafeteria. If 9 students are sitting at each table, how many tables are being used?
During the summer holidays, your brother earns extra money mowing lawns. He mows 6 lawns an hour and has 21 lawns to mow. How long will it take him?  
For the Good Cheer food drive, your class collected 320 cans of food. Each family gets 40 cans of food. How many cartons will you need to pack them?   
Neela is canning pears. She has 15 pears and she divides the pears evenly among 3 jars. How many pears does Neela put in each jar?
A jewelry store has 8 rings to display. They arrange the rings in 2 even rows. How many rings are in each row?
There are 64 people going on a boating trip. Each boat holds 8 people. How many boats are needed?
Zoe needs 10 peaches to make her famous peach pie. If Zoe has 100 peaches, how many peach pies can she make?
Trisha needs to buy 60 hamburger buns for a picnic. If there are 12 hamburger buns in each package, how many packages should Trisha buy?
A toy store has 96 hula hoops, which are evenly divided among 8 racks. How many hula hoops are hanging on each rack?
Megan had 36 pieces of candy. She split the candy evenly among 12 of her friends. How many pieces of candy did each friend get
Johnny needs to get 54 ice cream bars for a summer party. If there are 6 ice cream bars in each box, how many boxes should Johnny buy?
Ronna wants to buy 24 cat toys. If there are 2 cat toys in each pack, how many packs of cat toys should Ronna buy?
Your brother traveled 117 miles in 2.25 hours to come home for school break. What’s the average speed that he was traveling?   
There are 32 ears of corn for 16 people. How many ears of corn can each person eat?
I have 8 balls, half of them are red. How many are red?
You have to share your 8 candies with your sister. How many will each of you get?  
Licorice are 5 cents. How many licorice can you buy with 10 cents? 
Delia has 684 jellybeans that she got from opening 9 packages. If each package has the same number of jellybeans, how many jellybeans are in each package?
Paul the truck driver drives exactly the same distance every day. Over the course of three days, he drove 684 miles. How many miles did he drive each day? 
Adeline's dinner consisted of five items that totaled 835 calories. If the items were carefully chosen so each had the exact same number of calories, how many calories did each of her items contain?
Jacqueline drink the same amount of water every day. In nine days, she drinks 378 ounces of water. How many ounces does she drink per day? 
Clara slept for a total of 126 hours over the course of two weeks. If she sleeps for the same amount of time each night, how many hours does she sleep per night?
Wendell's "Stay as Long as You Want" parking lot contains 312 parking spaces in 12 rows. How many parking spaces are in each row? 
www.ilovemathematicsalot.com receives the same number of visitors every days. If 343 people visit the site over the course of one week, how many visitors visit each day?
Tayshawn ate 266 strawberries over the course of a week. He ate the same number of strawberries every day? How many strawberries did Tayshawn eat each day?
Bryan bought 564 ice cubes from the grocery store. Each bag of ice has the same number of cubes. If Bryan bought four bags of ice, how many ice cubes come in every bag? 
Debby had 928 quarters. If it costs 8 quarters for each coke from a coke machine, how many could she buy?
A school ordered 234 new pencils for the state tests. If they gave each student 6 pencils, How many students are in the school?
Katie uploaded 660 pics to Facebook. If she put the pics into 4 albums with the same number of photos in each album, how many photos were in each album?
A pallet of boxes weighed 738 kilograms. If there were 6 boxes on the pallet and each box weighed the same amount, how much did each weigh?
An architect was building a hotel downtown. He bought 399 lamps to put in the rooms. If each room gets 7 lamps, how many rooms does the hotel have?
An industrial machine made 678 shirts. If it made one minute to make 3 shirts, how many minutes was it working?
George's dad bought 110 centimeters of string. If he cut the string into 2 equal pieces, what would be the length of each piece?
An industrial machine made 678 shirts. If it made one minute to make 3 shirts, how many minutes was it working?
There are 666 students going to a trivia competition. If each school van can hold 6 students, how many vans will they need?
A vase can hold 5 flowers. If a florist had 900 flowers, how many vases would she need?
Isabel bought 426 bottles of water when they were on sale. If she drank 3 bottles a day how many days would they last her?
He travels on a bus that is exactly half full. The number allowed on a full bus is 54. How many were on the bus?
Two ladybirds have ten spots altogether. How many spots do they have each?
