Matthew went to the store 7 times last month. He buys 8 blocks each time he goes to the store. How many blocks did Matthew buy last month?	 
Each child has 5 erasers. If there are 6 children, how many erasers are there in total?	 
Each child has 9 cards. If there are 3 children, how many cards are there in total?	 
There are 2 peanuts in each box. How many peanuts are in 9 boxes?	 
Each apple costs $6.00. How much do 3 apples cost?
Judith has 7 boxes of tickets. Each box holds 5 tickets. How many tickets does Judith have?	 
Each child has 4 Skittles. If there are 4 children, how many Skittles are there in total?	 
Eric has 9 boxes of bananas. Each box holds 6 bananas. How many bananas does Eric have?	 
Laura went to the store 9 times last month. She buys 9 stickers each time she goes to the store. How many stickers did Laura buy last month?	 
Each child has 9 cards. If there are 3 children, how many cards are there in total?
Ronald went to the store 9 times last month. He buys 8 erasers each time he goes to the store. How many erasers did Ronald buy last month?	 
Fred has 5 boxes of bottle caps. Each box holds 2 bottle caps. How many bottle caps does Fred have?	 
Laura went to the store 9 times last month. She buys 9 stickers each time she goes to the store. How many stickers did Laura buy last month?	 
Jeremy went to the store 8 times last month. He buys 6 marbles each time he goes to the store. How many marbles did Jeremy buy last month?	 
Each child has 4 Skittles. If there are 4 children, how many Skittles are there in total?
There are 7 Skittles in each box. How many Skittles are in 3 boxes?	 
Each pencil costs $9.00. How much do 4 pencils cost?	 
Each child has 9 peanuts. If there are 8 children, how many peanuts are there in total?	 
Each child has 8 eggs. If there are 8 children, how many eggs are there in total?	 
There are 5 tickets in each box. How many tickets are in 5 boxes?
Each orange costs $9.00. How much do 2 oranges cost?	 
Each child has 2 blocks. If there are 4 children, how many blocks are there in total?	 
Each child has 10 apples. If there are 9 children, how many apples are there in total?	 
There are 3 bottle caps in each box. How many bottle caps are in 9 boxes?	 
Each child has 4 apples. If there are 9 children, how many apples are there in total?
There are 7 bananas in each box. How many bananas are in 10 boxes?	 
Joyce has 8 boxes of eggs. Each box holds 5 eggs. How many eggs does Joyce have?	 
Each Skittle costs $6.00. How much do 5 Skittles cost?	 
Cheryl has 6 boxes of erasers. Each box holds 9 erasers. How many erasers does Cheryl have?	 
There are 10 erasers in each box. How many erasers are in 6 boxes?
Jane has 3 boxes of erasers. Each box holds 7 erasers. How many erasers does Jane have?	 
Each child has 10 apples. If there are 9 children, how many apples are there in total?	 
There are 3 bottle caps in each box. How many bottle caps are in 9 boxes?	 
Each marble costs $6.00. How much do 6 marbles cost?	 
Each apple costs $10.00. How much do 3 apples cost?
Alan went to the store 7 times last month. He buys 2 blocks each time he goes to the store. How many blocks did Alan buy last month?	 
Each marble costs $4.00. How much do 7 marbles cost?	 
Each child has 2 apples. If there are 6 children, how many apples are there in total?	 
Janice went to the store 10 times last month. She buys 3 stickers each time she goes to the store. How many stickers did Janice buy last month?	 
Each child has 5 pencils. If there are 5 children, how many pencils are there in total?
There are 70 apples in each box. How many apples are in 9 boxes?	 
Carl went to the store 5 times last month. He buys 40 eggs each time he goes to the store. How many eggs did Carl buy last month?	 
There are 4 crayons in each box. How many crayons are in 40 boxes?	 
There are 3 oranges in each box. How many oranges are in 80 boxes?	 
Scott went to the store 3 times last month. He buys 7 cards each time he goes to the store. How many cards did Scott buy last month?
There are 70 candies in each box. How many candies are in 5 boxes?	 
Albert has 5 boxes of eggs. Each box holds 20 eggs. How many eggs does Albert have?	 
Elizabeth went to the store 2 times last month. She buys 40 apples each time she goes to the store. How many apples did Elizabeth buy last month?	 
Each candy costs $9.00. How much do 2 candies cost?	 
Marvin went to the store 4 times last month. He buys 80 pencils each time he goes to the store. How many pencils did Marvin buy last month?
Each child has 88 bananas. If there are 76 children, how many bananas are there in total?	 
Each child has 75 cards. If there are 75 children, how many cards are there in total?	 
Jacqueline went to the store 86 times last month. She buys 82 bottle caps each time she goes to the store. How many bottle caps did Jacqueline buy last month?	 
Ernest has 32 boxes of peanuts. Each box holds 87 peanuts. How many peanuts does Ernest have?	 
Joyce went to the store 38 times last month. She buys 57 tickets each time she goes to the store. How many tickets did Joyce buy last month?
Each child has 38 oranges. If there are 19 children, how many oranges are there in total?	 
Nancy went to the store 51 times last month. She buys 48 peanuts each time she goes to the store. How many peanuts did Nancy buy last month?	 
Kimberly went to the store 33 times last month. She buys 66 eggs each time she goes to the store. How many eggs did Kimberly buy last month?	 
Andrew has 37 boxes of blocks. Each box holds 49 blocks. How many blocks does Andrew have?	 
Nancy has 32 boxes of cards. Each box holds 82 cards. How many cards does Nancy have?
Each child has 58 crayons. If there are 99 children, how many crayons are there in total?	 
Each child has 80 Skittles. If there are 54 children, how many Skittles are there in total?	 
Each orange costs $14.00. How much do 90 oranges cost?	 
Each bottle cap costs $22.00. How much do 89 bottle caps cost?	 
Louis has 76 boxes of bottle caps. Each box holds 10 bottle caps. How many bottle caps does Louis have?
There are 27 crayons in each box. How many crayons are in 31 boxes?	 
Each child has 31 bottle caps. If there are 64 children, how many bottle caps are there in total?	 
There are 54 marbles in each box. How many marbles are in 87 boxes?	 
Louis has 36 boxes of candies. Each box holds 64 candies. How many candies does Louis have?	 
Each child has 28 marbles. If there are 10 children, how many marbles are there in total?
Each bottle cap costs $2.00. How much do 11 bottle caps cost?	 
Each egg costs $2.00. How much do 51 eggs cost?	 
Wayne has 9 boxes of eggs. Each box holds 90 eggs. How many eggs does Wayne have?	 
Each block costs $82.00. How much do 2 blocks cost?	 
Each child has 4 apples. If there are 34 children, how many apples are there in total?	 
Each child has 3 crayons. If there are 56 children, how many crayons are there in total?	 
Albert went to the store 2 times last month. He buys 69 bottle caps each time he goes to the store. How many bottle caps did Albert buy last month?	 
Peter has 87 boxes of pencils. Each box holds 8 pencils. How many pencils does Peter have?	 
Larry went to the store 4 times last month. He buys 49 stickers each time he goes to the store. How many stickers did Larry buy last month?	 
Each child has 6 peanuts. If there are 42 children, how many peanuts are there in total?
Each child has 23 oranges. If there are 2 children, how many oranges are there in total?	 
There are 29 crayons in each box. How many crayons are in 6 boxes?	 
Each peanut costs $96.00. How much do 6 peanuts cost?	 
There are 71 crayons in each box. How many crayons are in 9 boxes?	 
Each apple costs $2.00. How much do 55 apples cost?
Each child has 7 pencils. If there are 51 children, how many pencils are there in total?	 
Each child has 4 apples. If there are 76 children, how many apples are there in total?	 
There are 39 oranges in each box. How many oranges are in 5 boxes?	 
Each ticket costs $6.00. How much do 52 tickets cost?	 
There are 4 erasers in each box. How many erasers are in 29 boxes?
There are 12 biscuits in a packet. Jane buys 4 packets for her party. ​How many biscuits does she have?
There are 16 fireworks in a box. Sam has 7 boxes. How many fireworks does he ​have altogether?
The teacher needs each table to have eight pencils and five ​pens. There are 5 tables. How many pencils and pens will she ​need?
Ben wants to buy 4 lollies for each of his twelve friends. ​ How many lollies will he need to buy? 
Lucy has 36 CDs in each rack. She has 3 racks. How many CDs has she ​altogether? 
Jay’s class are collecting shoes to send to Malawi. His class ​collected 26 pairs of shoes.  How many individual shoes were ​collected altogether in Year 5?​  
It takes Laura 18 minutes to walk to St John’s School each day. She walked to ​school and back every day for 5 days. How many minutes did Laura​ ​spend walking to and from school in one week?
​Six children have completed their sticker card. Each card holds 24 ​stickers. How many stickers has the teacher given out.
om has 15 friends over for his birthday tea.  Mum cooks 3 fish fingers each. ​How many fish fingers does Tom’s mum have to buy for his friends?
Sally gives out 16 party bags at the end of her party. Inside each party bag ​are 2 balloons.    How many balloons does Sally give out?
Ben collects Superman comics. When he counts them he realises he has 26. ​Each comic has 2 surprises in it. How many surprises did Ben collect?
Caitlin buys 3 pairs of shoes costing £32 each. How much ​does spend?
The box of chocolates has 28 sweets on each layer and 3 layers. How many ​chocolates altogether in the box?
The school janitor has to replace 6 light bulbs in each classroom. There are 14 ​classrooms. How many light fittings does he need to change.
Maggie bought 4 boxes of crisps for the tuck shop. Each box had 48 packets in ​it. How many packets was this altogether?
The younger classes got free strawberries on Friday for snack. ​There are 46 children in the area and they needed 4 strawberries each. ​How many altogether did the dinner ladies need?
Grandpa went on a golfing holiday. Before he went, he bought 4 packets ​of golf balls. Each packet had 12 golf balls. How many did he buy? 
Jane thinks that each person at her party will eat three biscuits ​each. There will be six people how many biscuits will she need. 
There are 6 sparklers in a box. Sam has 4 boxes. How many sparklers does he have ​altogether?
The teacher needs each table to have four pencils. There are ​5 tables. How many pencils will she need all together? 
Ben wants to buy 4 lollies for each of his seven friends. ​ How many lollies will he need to buy?
Lucy has 3 racks of CD’s. Each rack holds 10 CDs. How many has she ​altogether? 
Jay’s class are collecting shoes to send to Malawi. His class ​collected 6 pairs of shoes.  How many individual shoes were ​collected altogether in Year 5?​
It takes Laura 2 minutes to walk to St John’s School each day. She walked to ​school and back every day for 5 days. How many minutes did Laura​ ​spend walking to ​and from school in one week? (Remember 2 mins EACH WAY)
There are 6 sets of twins in St. John’s School. They each get a ​sticker from Mrs. Charles. How many stickers does Mrs. Charles have ​to buy?
Tom has 4 friends over for tea.  They have 3 fish fingers each. ​How many fish fingers does Tom’s mum have to buy for his friends? 
Sally gives out 12 party bags at the end of her party. Inside each party bag are 2 ​balloons.    How many balloons does Sally give out?
The Smith family has five members. Each member has a small towel and a bath towel. How many towels hang in the bathroom? 
The Jones family orders four pizzas to eat. Each pizza is sliced into four parts. How many pizza slices do they get?
A town has three post offices. In each post office there are five workers. How many workers do the post offices have in total?
Mr. Johnson usually eats three meals a day.  How many meals does he eat in a normal week? (TIME)
This Friday he skipped breakfast.  How many meals did he eat during this week? (TIME)
In the following week, he ate three times on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday, and four times on the rest of the days.  How many meals did he eat during the week?
Ellen went to a garage sale to buy chairs. Each chair cost 15 dollars. How much money did Ellen spend for the 12 chairs she bought?
Three toed sloths have four legs. How many toes would 25 sloths have?
Albert has two snakes. The garden snake is 10 inches long. The boa constrictor is 7 times longer than thegarden snake. How long is the boa constrictor?
Albert’s cabbage patch has 12 rows of cabbage. In each row, there are 15 heads of cabbage. How many heads of cabbage does Albert have in all?
Marie can bike at a speed of 12 miles an hour. How far can she bike in 31 hours?
At a ski resort, the ski lift has 3 chairs, and 5 skiers can ride in each chair. How many skiers can ride the ski lift at the same time?
A pet store has 2 tanks of tadpoles. There are 4 tadpoles in each tank. How many tadpoles does the pet store have in all?
Sidney made 5 orders of egg rolls. There were 2 egg rolls in each order. How many egg rolls did Sidney make?
There are 4 photographers who take pictures for the city newspaper. For yesterday's issue, each photographer took 2 pictures. How many pictures were there in all?
A candy factory makes 2 pieces of candy each day. How many pieces of candy will the factory make in 2 days?
Charlie filled 4 bowls with strawberries. He put 3 strawberries in each bowl. How many strawberries did Charlie use?
Dalton went to the grocery store and bought 3 boxes of donuts. There were 3 donuts in each box. How many donuts did Dalton buy?
Brandy bought 3 bunches of carrots. There were 4 carrots in each bunch. How many carrots did Brandy buy?
There are 2 students in the poetry club. Last year, each student wrote 5 poems. How many poems did the students in the club write in all?
Pancho filled 3 plates with cookies. He put 2 cookies on each plate. How many cookies did Pancho use?
Fudge from Desmond's Sweet Treats costs $4 per pound. How much does 4 pounds of fudge cost?
Luke goes to the candy store 2 times last month. He bought 6 candies every time he went. How many candies did
Luke buy last month?
There are 64 children, each holding 6 balloons. What is the total amount of balloons?
6 friends decide to go to the movies. Each one buys 3 items at the snack stand.How many snacks did they buy all together?
Each meal costs $27. 00. How many would 9 meals cost?
Joseph has 6 boxes of pencils. If each box of pencil holds 7 pencils, how many pencils does Joseph have?
There are 8 markers in each box. How many markers are in 7 boxes?
Max bought 6 bags of jellybeans. If each bag has 24 jellybeans, what is the total amount that he has ?
There are 7 kids are at the fair. If each kid wins 4 stuffed animals, how many stuffed animals will there be?
Each video game costs $24.00. How much does 7 video games cost?
Susan went to the store 14 times last month. She bought her dog 3 toys each time she went. How many toys did her dog have at the end of the month? 
At the theatre, each row will hold 48 people. If there are 37 rows at the theatre, how many people will it take to fill the theatre? 
Cases of water contain 48 bottles, If I buy 76 cases, how many bottles of water will I have? 
There are 76 tiles per case and I bought 38 cases. How many tiles do I have altogether?
Boxes of chocolates contain 38 chocolates. How many chocolates will there be in 9 boxes?
The tall building has the same amount of windows on all four sides. If there are 37 windows on one side, how many windows are on the whole building?
If you typed 85 words per minute, how many words would you be able to type in 14 minutes?
If there are 78 airplane landings each day, how many airplanes land in May, June and July?
There are 28 students in each class at the performing arts school. If there are 37 full classrooms, how many students attend this school?      
Farmer Sam collects 783 eggs each week from the hen house. How many eggs does he collect over 8 weeks? 
If you saved your $76 monthly allowance for 3 years, how much money would you have?
My new golf balls have 387 dimples on them. How many dimples will there be on 17 golf balls?
According to the World Book of Records (2006), the highest speed achieved by an    electric vehicle is 395 K/hr. How many kms would this car travel in 24 hours?
My friend spends 297 minutes on the computer daily. How many minutes is she on the computer in a 7 day week?
If a car travels 68 mph, how many miles will it have gone in 74 hours?
Each bushel of apples has 287 apples in it. How many apples are in 37 bushels? 
The airplane sits 8 people across and it has 32 rows. How many people can fly on this airplane at once? 
Each individual popcorn bag has 76 kernels in it and they are in a case that holds 16 bags. How many kernels does each case have? 
I read 13 books with 94 pages in each book. How many pages did I read altogether? 
The hardware store sells boxes of nails with 66 in each box. They come in cases of 12 boxes. How many nails are in each case?
The candy hearts container has 46 candy hearts in it. I have 8 containers, how many candy hearts do I have? 
I can type 49 words per minute. How many words would I type in 8 minutes?I’m going to the circus in 9 days. How many hours before I go to the circus?
There are 48 cookies in a bag and my mom bought 8 bags this week. How many cookies are there altogether in the 8 bags?
I deliver 14 newspapers 3 times per week. How many newspapers do I deliver each week? 
I play 30 minutes of hockey 4 days per week. How many minutes of hockey do I play each week?
Lollipops come 7 to a package and I have 8 packages. How many lollipops do I have in total?
Our classroom has 7 tables with 4 legs. How many table legs does our classroom have? 
There are 15 cars in the parking lot. How many tires are there in the parking lot?
My CDs fit in cases that hold 12 CDs. I have 11 full cases. How many CDs do I have in total?
My 7 friends ordered a triple scoop ice cream cone. How many scoops did the ice cream man have to scoop for the 7 cones?
In nine weeks, I’m going to the circus. How many days before I go to the circus? 
Amber’s garden has 3 rows of tulips with 7 in each row. How many tu lips are in her garden?
My mom is baking brownies and needs 2 cups of flour for each batch. She is making 6 batches. How many cups of flour will she need?   
For your birthday, 7 friends will get a surprise bag. Each surprise bag will have 4 prizes in it. How many prizes will you need to buy to fill the surprise bags?
You put your chocolates into rows. You have 4 rows and 7 columns. How many chocolates do you have?  
You score 3 points for every spelling word you get right. This week you got 12 words right. How many points will you get?
4 friends gave you $5.00 for your birthday. How much money did you get?
You get $3.00 per week for your allowance. You saved 9 weeks of your allowance. How much money do you have?
Joan, Benny, and Jason each have 6 pencils. How many pencils do they have have in all ?  
There were a total of 6 football games a month. The season is played for 2 months. How many football games are in the seasons ?
Sally has 6 nickels in her bank. How much money does Sally have in nickels ? 
A restaurant sold 8 salads every day for a week. How many salads were sold during the week ?
Melanie was at the beach for five days and found 8 seashells every day. How many seashells did Melanie find during the beach trip ?
Tim goes out to lunch with Sandy and Mike. Each person orders the $5 lunch special. Tim agrees to pay the bill. How much will he have to pay ?
Jason has 7 five dollars bills. How much money does he have ?
Nancy has 9 black balloons. Tim has 4 times more black balloons than Nancy. How many black balloons does Tim have now ? 
Keith goes fishing with Sara. Keith catches 6 trout. Sara catches twice as many trout as Keith. How many trout did Sara catch?
Tom worked 3 hours for 9 days. How many hours did he work in total ?
Dan bought 5 dozen eggs from the grocery store to bake some cakes. How many eggs did Dan buy ?
Sandy has 16 dozen golf balls. How many golf balls does she have ?
Nancy earns $25.00 for each house she cleans. If she cleans 8 dozen houses, how much money will she make ?
There are 8 dozen calories in a candy bar. How many calories are there in 16 candy bars ?
There are 41 children in the classroom, each student will get 9 dozen pencils. How many pencils will the teacher have to give out ?
Sandy, Mike, Sally, and Joan each have 2 dozen baseball cards. How many baseball cards do they have in all ?
Joan has saved 4 dozen quarters from washing cars. How much money does Joan have ?
Fred saw 5 dozen birds in a tree. How many birds did Fred see ?
Mary has 1 books. Sara has 3 dozen times more books than Mary. How many books does Sara have ?
Melanie has 3 orange balloons. Fred has 5 dozen times more orange balloonsthan Melanie. How many orange balloons does Fred have ?
There are 42 calories in a candy bar. How many calories are there in 32 candy bars ?
Joan has 3 dozen golf balls. How many golf balls does she have ?
Mike earns $12.50 an hour cleaning houses. If he works from  8:00am to 4:00pm, how much money will he make ?
Alyssa has 33 books. Joan has 5 times more books than Alyssa. How many books does Joan have ?
Jason bought 5 dozen eggs from the grocery store to bake some cakes. How many eggs did Jason buy ?
There were a total of 3 basketball games a month. The season is played for 4 months. How many basketball games are in the seasons ?
There are 41 children in the classroom, each student will get 43 pencils. How many pencils will the teacher have to give out ?
Dan has saved 19 quarters from washing cars. How many cents does Dan have ?
Jason, Joan, Tim, and Jessica each have 42 baseball cards. How many baseball cards do they have in all ?
Nancy has 13 yellow marbles. Joan has 5 times more yellow marbles than Nancy. How many yellow marbles does Joan have ?
Mary is saving up money to go on a trip. This month, she saved three times as much money as she saved last month. Last month, she saved $24.00. How much money did Mary save this month? 
A rabbit can go two feet in one jump. A kangaroo can go five times as far as a rabbit. How far can a kangaroo go in one jump? 
Amanda grew two plants for the science fair. The first plant was eight centimeters tall. The second plant was three times as tall. How tall was the second plant?
Chris can go 10 miles per hour on his bicycle. Jill can go seven times that fast on her motorcycle. How fast can Jill go on her motorcycle?
It costs $500 to take a bus tour of Europe. This is four times as much as it costs to take a bus tour of Mexico City. How much is the bus tour of Mexico City? 
There are 256 students outside on the playground. This is eight times as many students as there are inside the cafeteria. How many students are inside the cafeteria?
Franklin Middle School has 1,593 students. It has three times as many students as the nearest elementary school, Roosevelt Elementary. How many students attend Roosevelt Elementary School?
The plane goes 700 miles an hour. The car goes 50 miles an hour. How many times faster than the car is the plane? 
Eric has 9 video games. Bryan has 54 video games. How many times more video games does Bryan have than Eric?
Shannon is 37 inches tall. Her teenaged brother, Rick, is 74 inches tall. How many times as tall as Shannon is Rick?
Sylvia lives 48 miles away from Washington Elementary School. Jessica lives six miles away from the same school. How many times as far from the school does Sylvia live compared to Jessica? 
Joe drew 32 pictures in his sketch book. He drew four times as many pictures as Kevin. How many pictures did Kevin draw?
Corina drank five sodas at the party on Saturday. Her brother, Oscar, drank  two times as many. How many sodas did Oscar drink?
Scott is 10 years old. His little sister, Kate, is only two years old. How many times older than Kate is Scott? 
The plane goes 700 miles an hour. The car goes 50 miles an hour. How many times faster than the car is the plane? 
Eric has 9 video games. Bryan has 54 video games. How many times more video games does Bryan have than Eric?
Shannon is 37 inches tall. Her teenaged brother, Rick, is 74 inches tall. How many times as tall as Shannon is Rick?
It costs $500 to take a bus tour of Europe. This is four times as much as it costs to take a bus tour of Mexico City. How much is the bus tour of Mexico City?
There are 256 students outside on the playground. This is eight times as many students as there are inside the cafeteria. How many students are inside the cafeteria?
Franklin Middle School has 1,593 students. It has three times as many students as the nearest elementary school, Roosevelt Elementary. How many students attend Roosevelt Elementary School?
Jeff read 12 books during the month of August. He read four times as many books as Paul. How many books did Paul read? 
The gorilla in the Los Angeles Zoo is six feet tall. The giraffe is 18 feet tall. How many times taller than the gorilla is the giraffe?
Stacy and Vicky both collect stickers. Vicky has seven times as many stickers as Stacy. If Vicky has 63 stickers, how many stickers does Stacy have? 
A fashlight requires 2 batteries to function. How many batteries in all would 7 such
fashlights require?    
A CD contains 4 music tracks. How many music tracks would 8 such CDs contain?
A rectangle is 5 inches long and 4 inches wide. Find the area of the rectangle.
Norah uses an ounce of butter to bake 9 cookies. How many cookies can she bake with 8 ounces of butter?
A tour operator owns a small fleet of 8 cars of the same make. Each car is filled with 2 liters of engine oil. How many liters in all have been filled in the car?
George visits a store to buy 2 !ash drives. They are priced at $28 each. How much does he need to spend on his purchase?
Jim goes to a movie with his parents and brother. Each movie ticket costs $20. How much in all does Jim pay for the tickets?
During a practice session, Frank swims an average of 19 laps in an hour. If he were to atttend 5 practice sessions, how many laps will he be able to cover on an average?
Ames, a crane operator works on 8 hour shifts everyday. If he worked 22 days in a month, how many hours of work did he put in altogether?
Joy made 3 trips to the candy store. For every trip she made, she bought 12 packs of orange candies. How many packs of candies did Joy buy in total?
Ferris wheel completes a rotation in 53 seconds. How many seconds in all would it take to complete 13 rotations? 
A small dairy farm produces 87 gallons of milk in a day. How many gallons of milk will it produce in 15 days?
The auditorium at Lion’s school has 28 rows in all. If each row consists of 95 seats, calculate the total capacity of the auditorium?
Clara and her friends take an average of 13 hours to mow a community lawn over a weekend. How many hours on an average will they take to mow 14 such lawns?
It takes an hour for a car manufacturing company to assemble 11 cars. How many cars can the company assemble in 56 hours?
John builds 4 snowmen every day for a week leading upto Christmas. How many snowmen did he built in all?
John and his twin, Trevor were gearing up for a snowball fight! Trevor made three times the number of snowballs more than John. If John made 12 snowballs, how many snowballs did Trevor make?
Trevor decorated his winter scrapbook with 8 paper snowfake stickers for each page. If the scrapbook has 15 pages in all, how many snowfake stickers did Trevor use?
Mr. Allen buys 9 Christmas stockings to decorate the !replace mantel. If a stocking costs $12, how much did Mr.Allen spend in all on his purchase?
The Allen twins invited 8 friends over for a ‘Batman’ themed party. They had 2 cups of hot chocolate each through the day. How many cups of hot chocolate did Mrs. Allen make for her sons and their friends?
A distilled water supplier supplies an average of 57 cans of water a day to a medium-scale company. Find the number of cans it would sell in a leap year?
Bennett, a craftsman receives an order to silver-plate 103 teapots. He charges $32 to silver-plate a teapot. How much is the order worth?
A private art gallery managed to sell a total of 98 paintings in one day. The sales averaged out to $482 per painting. Find the revenue generated from the sales made by the art gallery?
A team of soccer players spend an average of 15 minutes on weight training per practice session. How many minutes of weight training on an average would they have completed in 116 practice sessions?
A semiskilled worker in a steel manufacturing company earns $79 as daily wages. How much will the company need to pay 313 such workers employed with them?
Rachel sells oval pot planters. A particular variety was priced at $109. She sold 110 such pot planters. What was the revenue generated from the sales she made?
A web ofset printer can print 500 copies in one minute. How many copies can be produced in 120 minutes?
A distributor supplies an average of 108 dozens of eggs in a locality per day. Find the average dozens of eggs supplied in 130 days?
A public library has 126 bookshelves. If each shelf holds 354 books each, how many books in all does the library accommodate?
Julia uses the treadmill and sets a target to burn 550 calories a day. How many calories can she burn in 145 days if she strictly sticks to her target?
24 bottles of mineral water can be packed in a corrugated box. How many bottles
can be accommodated in 6 such boxes?
The annual preschool fee for St.John’s school is $1,740. Mrs.Gillian admits her triplets in the beginning of the school year. What is the total annual fees paid by Gillian?
A fighter aircraft travels at a speed of 652 mph. How many miles will the aircraft cover in a fying time of 3 hours?
A thermal power plant requires 1,100 gallons of water to cool it down every hour. How many gallons of water will the reactor require for 7 hours?
Tim bought 8 packs of sugar candies. If each pack contains 115 candies, how many candies does Tim have in all?
There are 366 dimples on a golf ball. How many dimples are on 27 golf balls?
The company took 59 employees to a management conference across the country. Each round trip planeticket cost $799. What was the total amount needed to take the employees to the conference?
A popular rock band has scheduled 29 cities for the upcoming tour. Their goal is to sell 350 tickets for each show. How many tickets in all need to be sold for them to meet that goal?
An organization held an all-you-can-eat pasta dinner for a local charity and sold tickets for $32.00. That night 215 people came. What was the total amount they raised for the charity?
Tom has 3 bags. He puts 4 sweets in each bag. How many sweets does he have altogether?
Abbie has 2 fish bowls. She puts 7 fish in each bowl. How many fish does Abbie have altogether?
Charlie has 3 baskets. She puts 5 apples in each basket. How many apples does Charlie have altogether?
A school has 2 buses. 9 children are put on each bus for a trip. How many children does the school take on the trip?
The cost of each book is $3. What is the cost of 6 books? 
A teacher arranges students in a prayer hall in 13 rows and 19 columns. The arrangements are in a perfect rectangular array. Find the number of students in a prayer hall. 
34 dogs participated in a dog show. The participation fee for each dog is $97. Find the amount collected for the participation fee. 
A mechanic takes 17 hours to assemble a car. How long does he take to assemble 15 cars? 
Kathy collected 45 stamps in each box. She has 13 such boxes. What is the total number of stamps she collected? 
Students are taken to a field trip in 13 uses. Each bus can accommodate 15 students. If all buses are completely filled, what is the number of students who participated in the field trip? 
Albert buys 6 LCD TVs. The cost of each TV is $259. What is the cost of 6 LCD TVs? 
A bolt manufacturing company packs 750 bolts in a carton. How many bolts are there in 8 cartons? 
Kevin plans a field trip to New Jersey. He rents a room in a hotel at a cost of $219 per day. If he stays in the hotel for 1 week, how much does he need to pay? 
Jackson works as carpenter for a chair manufacturing company. He earns $450 per week. How much does he earn in 4 weeks? 
Robert buys a brand new car by paying a certain amount in cash. The rest of the amount is paid by loan. He pays $197 as EMI for 3 years. Find the total amount paid in EMI after 3 years. (EMI – equated 
monthly installment) 
Mark uses the computer for 12 hours. If the average power consumption of a computer per hour is 299 watt, how much power does Mark use? 
Thomson bolt manufacturing company packs 599 bolts into each carton. How many bolts are needed to pack 59 cartons? 
A broken scale reads 11 inches. Kathy uses the broken scale to measure the length of a rope. She finds the ength of the rope is 113 times the length of the broken scale. Find the length of the rope. 
Steve receives $1525 as a scholarship in a year. How much does he receive as scholarship in 3 years?
There are 6 adult members in John’s family and they plan to make a trip to London. It costs $1236 for an adult from John Kennedy airport, New York to City airport, London. What will be the total air fare cost to John?  
A bolt manufacturing company packs 1550 bolt in each carton. Find the number of bolts in 8 cartons? 
Madison runs 5032 meters in 1 hour. If she runs at this rate, how far does she run in 4 hours? 
Roger works 8 hours in a day. How many hours does he work in 5 days? 
A bag contains 7 balls. How many balls are there in 8 bags? 
Kitty drinks 4 cups of milk in a day. How much milk does she drink in a week? 
Flora has 9 times more tulips than roses. If she has 6 roses, how many tulips does she have? 
Kathy buys 6 t-shirts that cost $35 per t-shirt. How much does she spend for t-shirts? 
Sharon maintains her own library at home. She equally distributes her books on 8 shelves. If there are 27 books on a shelf, how many books does she have? 
A broken scale measures 6 inches. Tanya uses the broken scale to measure the length of a rope. The rope is 35 times longer than the broken scale. Find the length of the rope. 
Mr. Morgan plans to order pizza for dinner. There are 7 members in his family. The delivery boy says each chicken pizza costs $11. How much does Mr. Morgan pay in order to get one pizza for everyone? 
Kelly covers 39 miles in an hour when she drives her car towards New York. How long does she cover in 5 hours? 
Each apple pie serves 9 people. There are 5 pies on the table. How many people will this feed?
The Food Basket grocery store is selling turkeys for $7 each. They have sold 13 so far in the month of November. How much money has Food Basket made so far in turkey sales?
The pumpkin patch has 47 rows of pumpkins and 93 pumpkins in each row. How many pumpkins are there in all?
There are 3 bumper cars. Each car holds 2 people. How many people altogether?
3 boys go on a ride. It costs 10p a ride. How much did it cost altogether?
Mark, Rob and Darren went to the fair. Mark and Rob went on the ghost train. It cost 45p each. How much did it cost altogether? 
The roller coaster holds 6 people in a carriage. There are 8 carriages. How many people will be on a full ride?
A spider has 8 legs. How many legs have 7 spiders?
4 pins are used to display a picture. How many pins are used to display 10 pictures
Mr. Cockcroft lives 9miles from school. How far does he travel to and from school each day?
There are 7 dwarves in Snow White.  How many shoes would they need altogether?
Baby Bear eats 5 boxes of porridge a week.  Daddy Bears eats double that amount.  How much does Daddy Bear eat?
There are 4 apples in a box. How many apples are there in 5 boxes?
